To complete this project with the best speed, I manually tuned the throttle, P, I, and D parameters. I was able to achieve a top speed over 84 mph, not quite enough for time travel.  Unfortunately, this speed was only reached on my initial test run. When performing an additional run to allow video capture, the car would no longer stay on the road in the s-curves. As a result, I reduced the throttle from its original default of 1.0 to the 0.75 discussed below. All other parameters remained the same.

For the throttle, I tested several base values, quickly determining that I needed at least 2 throttle positions. Observing the debug output from the program gave me the feeling that for most of the time, the steering angle is between 0.1 and -0.1. On the other hand, in the case of hard turns, the steering angle could easily exceed the steering hardware limits (-1 to 1). I chose to apply the square of this angle as a penalty to the default throttle of 0.75, this makes hard turns include braking.  

The systematic bias term, I, was set to 1/10,000 to effectively remote its influence. The simulated car is not expected to have any systemic biases. Should these biases appear, this term could readily be raised to compensate.  

Testing the proportional term, P, showed that settings above 0.3 resulted in high oscillation, frequently causing the car to leave the track. On the other hand, values below 0.1 on this term did not result in sharp enough turning to stay on the track in the turns. Setting it to 0.25 was a trade-off. The car still oscillates but is able to remain on the track at speed.  

To counter the oscillation caused by the stronger P term, my derivative term, D, was forced high as well. Values above 12 resulted in the car missing turns in the road while values below 9 resulted in unacceptable oscillation. Through empirical testing, I found that a value of 10 produced acceptable results.  I noticed throughout my testing that as I reduced the oscillations, the cars ability to navigate turns was also reduced.
